Cyberattacks and breaches of the systems of those vendors could lead to operational and reputational risk and losses for SHUSA.
•
We and others in our industry face cybersecurity risks.
We take protective measures and monitor and develop our systems continuously to protect our technology infrastructure and data from cyberattacks.
However, cybersecurity risks continue to increase for our industry, and the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of the actors behind such attacks present risks for compromised data, theft of funds or theft or destruction of corporate information and assets.
Third parties can be sources of operational risk to us, including with respect to security breaches affecting those parties.
If a third party obtains access to our customer information and that third party experiences a cyberattack or breach of its systems, this could result in several negative outcomes for us, including losses from fraudulent transactions, potential legal and regulatory liability and associated damages, penalties and restitution, increased operational costs to remediate the consequences of the third party’s security breach, and harm to our reputation from the perception that our systems or third-party systems or services that we rely on may not be secure.
Additionally, our fraud risk continues to increase as third parties that handle confidential consumer information suffer security breaches and we expand our direct banking business and introduce new products and features.
Technology and Cybersecurity Risks
Any failure to effectively maintain, secure, improve or upgrade our IT infrastructure and management information systems in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on us.
Like other financial institutions with a large customer base, we have been subject to and are likely to continue to be the subject of attempted cyberattacks in light of the fact that we manage and hold confidential personal information of customers in the conduct of our banking operations, as well as a large number of assets.
Although we work with our clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and prevent information security risk, we routinely exchange personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, which may be a target for attempted cyberattacks.
Many companies across the country and in the financial services industry have reported significant breaches in the security of their websites or other systems.
Cybersecurity risks have increased significantly in recent years due to the development and proliferation of new technologies, increased use of the internet and telecommunications technology to conduct financial transactions, and increased sophistication and activities of organized crime groups, state-sponsored and individual hackers, terrorist organizations, disgruntled employees and vendors, activists and other third parties.
Nevertheless, while we have not experienced material losses or other material consequences relating to cyberattacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, our systems, software and networks, as well as those of our clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties, may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyberattacks such as denial of service, malware, ransomware, phishing, and other events that could result in security breaches or give rise to the manipulation or loss of significant amounts of personal, proprietary or confidential information of our customers, employees, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties, disrupt, sabotage or degrade service on our systems, or result in the theft or loss of significant levels of liquid assets, including cash.
As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve and increase in sophistication, we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, practices and controls to protect against all such circumstances that could result in disruptions to our systems.
This is because, among other reasons, the techniques used in cyberattacks change frequently, cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, and third parties may seek to gain access to our systems either directly or by using equipment or passwords belonging to employees, customers, third-party service providers or other authorized users of our systems.
In the event of a cyberattack or security breach affecting a vendor or other third party entity on whom we rely, our ability to conduct business, and the security of our customer information, could be impaired in a manner to that of a cyberattack or security breach affecting us directly.
We also may not receive information or notice of the breach in a timely manner, or we may have limited options to influence how and when the cyberattack or security breach is addressed.
As financial institutions are becoming increasingly interconnected with central agents, exchanges and clearinghouses, they may be increasingly susceptible to negative consequences of cyberattacks and security breaches affecting the systems of such third parties.
It could take a significant amount of time for a cyberattack to be investigated, during which time we may not be in a position to fully understand and remediate the attack, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, any or all of which could further increase the costs and consequences associated with a particular cyberattack.
The perception of a security breach affecting us or any part of the financial services industry, whether correct or not, could result in a loss of confidence in our cybersecurity measures or otherwise damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business.
As attempted cyberattacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may incur significant costs in our attempts to modify or enhance our protective measures against such attacks to investigate or remediate any vulnerability or resulting breach, or in communicating cyberattacks to our customers.
An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or third party or a cyberattack could result in our inability to recover or restore data that has been stolen, manipulated or destroyed, damage to our systems and those of our clients, customers and counterparties, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, or other significant disruption of operations, including disruptions in our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan and other systems and our ability to communicate with and perform transactions with customers, vendors and other parties.
These effects could be exacerbated if we would need to shut down portions of our technology infrastructure temporarily to address a cyberattack, if our technology infrastructure is not sufficiently redundant to meet our business needs while an aspect of our technology is compromised, or if a technological or other solution to a cyberattack is slow to be developed.
U.S. banking agencies and other federal and state government agencies have increased their attention on cybersecurity and data privacy risks, and have proposed enhanced risk management standards that would apply to us.
To the extent we do not successfully meet supervisory standards pertaining to cybersecurity, we could be subject to supervisory actions, litigation and reputational damage.
