Over the past several years, legislative and executive action from U.S. and foreign leaders has led to both threats of and the imposition of tariffs on certain materials and products.
Similar to other companies, the size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption.
Cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
We are dependent on internal information and telecommunications systems, and any failure of these systems, including system security breaches, data protection breaches or other cybersecurity attacks, may negatively impact our business and results of operations.
Cyber-attacks and other tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving and have been increasing in sophistication in recent years.
High profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive information have occurred with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods.
While to date we have not experienced a significant data loss, significant compromise or any material financial losses related to
cybersecurity attacks, our systems, those of our customers, and those of our third-party service providers are under constant threat.
Cybercrime, including phishing, social engineering, attempts to overload our servers with denial-of-service attacks, or similar disruptions from unauthorized access to our systems, could cause us critical data loss or the disclosure or use of personal or other confidential information.
We are dependent on internal information and telecommunications systems, and we are vulnerable to failure of these systems, including through system security breaches, data protection breaches or other cybersecurity attacks.
