Failures of our technological systems or breaches of our security measures, including, but not limited to, those resulting from cyber-attacks, may result in losses.
Our systems involve the use of clients’ and our proprietary and confidential information, and security breaches - including cyber-attacks - could expose us to a risk of theft, loss or other misappropriation of this information.
Information security risks for large financial institutions like us are significant in part because of the proliferation of new technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state actors.
If we fail to continue to upgrade our technology infrastructure to ensure effective cyber-security relative to the type, size and complexity of our operations, we could become more vulnerable to cyber-attack.
The third parties with which we do business also are susceptible to the foregoing risks (including regarding the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities may therefore be affected adversely, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology, infrastructure or government institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business.
In addition, our clients often use their own devices, such as computers, smart phones and tablets, to manage their accounts, which may heighten the risk of system failures, interruptions or security breaches.
In recent years, several financial services firms suffered successful cyber-attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption of services to clients, loss or misappropriation of sensitive or private data, and reputational harm.
Although we have not to our knowledge suffered a material breach of our systems, we and our clients have been subject to cyber-attacks, and it is possible that we could suffer a material breach in the future.
We expect to continue to face increasing cyber-threats, including computer viruses, malicious code, distributed denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, information security breaches or employee or contractor error or malfeasance that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our, our clients’ or other parties’ confidential, personal, proprietary or other information or otherwise disrupt, compromise or damage our or our clients’ or other parties’ business assets, operations and activities.
Our status as a global financial institution and the nature of our client base may enhance the risk that we are targeted by such cyber-threats.
