We have policies, procedures and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems and business continuity programs designed to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of our operating systems.
Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems, or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in customer attrition, regulatory and other fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
As a large financial institution, we are under continuous threat of loss due to the velocity and sophistication of cyber-attacks.
We continually review the security of our IT systems and make the necessary investments to improve the resiliency of our systems and their security from attack.
Nonetheless, there remains the risk that we may be materially harmed by a cyber-attack or information security breach.
Further, there is no guarantee that our response to any cyber-attack or system interruption, breach or failure will be effective to mitigate and remediate the issues resulting from such an event, including the costs, reputational harm and litigation challenges that we may face as result.
Two of the most significant cyber-attack risks that we face are e-fraud and loss of sensitive customer data.
Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers, our plans to continue to provide internet banking and mobile banking channels, and our plans to develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers.
While we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches to date, we have been the subject of attempted hacking and cyber-attacks and there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future.
The occurrence of any cyber-attack or information security breach could result in material adverse consequences to us including damage to our reputation and the loss of customers.
Even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, successful attacks or systems failures at other large financial institutions could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions including us.
If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or otherwise, including as a result of operational errors, clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems or a successful cyberattack against us or other unauthorized release or loss of customer information, our reputation, business and our operating results may be materially adversely affected.
Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, issues at a third-party vendor of a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and security breaches at a vendor, failure of a vendor to provide services for any reason or poor performance of services, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and otherwise conduct our business.
To date, our losses and costs related to these breaches have not been material, but other similar events in the future could be more significant to us.
