The possibility of a large member failure or a cybersecurity breach could result in a disruption in this market.
Operational risk includes the risk of fraud by employees, clerical and record-keeping errors, nonperformance by vendors, threats to cybersecurity, and computer/telecommunications malfunctions.
Other U.S. financial service institutions and companies have reported breaches, some severe, in the security of their websites or other systems and several financial institutions, including Key, experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems.
Other potential attacks have attempted to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, hold for ransom, or alter or destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, phishing, cyberattacks, and other means.
Our security systems may not be able to protect our information systems from similar attacks due to the rapid evolution and creation of sophisticated cyberattacks.
Over the last few years, several large companies have disclosed that they suffered substantial data security breaches, compromising millions of user accounts and credentials.
To date, our losses and costs related to these breaches have not been material, but other similar events in the future could have a significant impact on us.
These third parties are subject to similar risks as Key relating to cybersecurity, breakdowns or failures of their own systems or employees.
One or more of these third parties may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by such third party.
Significant harm to our reputation can also arise from other sources, including employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, compliance failures, disclosure of confidential information, significant or numerous failures, interruptions or breaches of our information systems, failure to meet external commitments and goals, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors.
