•We face risks associated with system failures, security breaches and other technological issues.
Our operations are dependent on our network being free from material interruption by damage from fire, earthquake, or other natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, or any other events beyond our control.
Despite the implementation of security measures, our infrastructure, and that of our partners, vendors, and other third parties may be vulnerable to computer viruses, hackers, or similar disruptive problems caused by our vendors, partners, other third parties, subscribers, employees, or other internet users who attempt to invade public and private data networks.
As seen in the industries in which we operate and others, these activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to continually evolving cybersecurity and technological risks.
For example, a significant number of our Cybersecurity and Martech customers authorize us to bill their credit or debit card accounts directly for all transaction fees charged by us.
We use vendors to assist with cybersecurity risks, but these vendors may not be able to assist us adequately in preparing for or responding to a cybersecurity incident.
We maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any breaches or other adverse consequences related to a cybersecurity-event.
For example, we may incur remediation costs (such as liability for stolen assets or information, repairs of system damage, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to maintain relationships after an attack); increased cybersecurity protection costs (which may include the costs of making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party experts and consultants); lost revenues resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; litigation and legal risks (including regulatory actions by state and federal governmental authorities and non-U.S. authorities); increased insurance premiums; reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and damage to the company’s competitiveness, stock price, and diminished long-term shareholder value.
For information regarding our competition, and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the subsection entitled “Competition” with respect to each of our Digital Media and Cybersecurity and Martech businesses contained in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our Cybersecurity and Martech business faces competition from cloud software services and applications across several categories including secured communications, cybersecurity, and marketing technology.
Some of the competitors of our Cybersecurity and Martech business in international markets have a substantial competitive advantage over us because they have dominant market share in their territories, are owned by local telecommunications providers, have greater brand recognition, are focused on a single market, are more familiar with local tastes and preferences, or have greater regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements.
Some regulators and competitors have taken the view that certain of our brands, such as eVoice, are descriptive or generic when applied to the products and services offered by our Cybersecurity and Martech business.
A significant number of our paid Cybersecurity and Martech subscribers and certain Digital Media subscribers pay for our services through credit and debit cards.
A significant number of our paid Cybersecurity and Martech subscribers and certain Digital Media subscribers authorize us to bill their credit card accounts directly for all service fees charged by us.
In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic contributed to (i) increased unemployment and decreased consumer confidence and business generally; (ii) sudden and significant declines, and significant increases in volatility, in financial and capital markets; (iii) strain on global supply chains; (iv) inflation; (v) increased spending on our business continuity efforts, which has required and may further require that we cut costs or investments in other areas; and (vi) heightened cybersecurity, information security and operational risks as a result of work-from-home arrangements.
Companies that operate in the same industry as our Cybersecurity and Martech and Digital Media businesses have experienced substantial litigation regarding intellectual property.
To obtain new Cybersecurity and Martech customers, we have marketing agreements with operators of leading search engines and websites and employ the use of resellers to sell our products.
In connection with our Cybersecurity and Martech business, we utilize data transmissions over public telephone lines and other facilities provided by third-party carriers.
In addition, the Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2008 (“PROTECT Act”) requires online service providers to report evidence of violations of federal child pornography laws under certain circumstances, as well as other federal, state or international laws and legislative efforts designed to protect children on the internet may impose additional requirements on us.
We operate across many different markets both domestically and internationally which may subject us to cybersecurity, privacy, data security and data protection laws with uncertain interpretations as well as impose conflicting obligations on us.
Cybersecurity, privacy, data security, and data protection laws are constantly evolving at the federal and state levels in the United States, as well as abroad.
While we work to comply with all applicable law and relevant “best practices” addressing cybersecurity, privacy, data security and data protection, this is an area of the law that is constantly evolving as are the relevant industry codes and threat matrix.
For example, the FTC recently adopted a Policy Statement offering guidance on the scope of its Health Breach Notification Rule, and issued related guidance, stating that consumer mobile applications that draw health information from one source and health or non-health information from one or more other sources are covered by the Rule, and that breaches of security under the Rule include disclosures of sensitive health information without user authorization.
If fraudulent or other malicious activity is perpetrated by others and we or our third-party service providers are unable to detect and prevent it, or choose to manage traffic quality in a way that advertisers find unsatisfactory, the affected advertisers may experience or perceive a reduced return on their investment in our advertising programs which could lead the advertisers to become dissatisfied with our advertising programs and they might refuse to pay, demand refunds, or withdraw future business.
