Any such failure, as well as a prolonged disruption, a cybersecurity event or any other negative event affecting our third-party providers and leading to customer dissatisfaction, could harm our relationship with our customers, our reputation and brand, our revenue, our business, and our results of operations.
Sanctions could also result in Russia taking counter measures or retaliatory actions which could adversely impact our business or the business of our partners, including, but not limited to, cyberattacks targeting private companies, individuals or other infrastructure upon which our business and the business of our partners may rely.
Risks Related to Data Privacy and Cybersecurity
To the extent our security measures are compromised, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure.
Cyberattacks and other malicious internet-based activity continue to increase, and cloud-based platform providers of services are expected to continue to be targeted.
Threats include traditional computer “hackers,” malicious code (such as viruses and worms), phishing attacks, employee theft or misuse and denial-of-service attacks.
The growth in state sponsored cyber activity, including the increased rate of cyberattacks arising from the Russia-Ukraine crisis and the risk that these cyberattacks could spread globally, showcases the increasing sophistication of cyber threats and could dramatically expand the global threat landscape.
We implement a robust defense-in-depth security strategy based on the principle of “assume breach.” We work to continuously strengthen threat detection, response, and defense, conduct continuous security monitoring, and practice security incident response to validate and improve the security of our software and services.
We devote significant financial and personnel resources to implement and maintain security measures; however, such resources may not be sufficient, and as cyber-security threats develop, evolve and grow more complex over time, it may be necessary to make significant further investments to protect our data and infrastructure.
As we rely on third-party and public-cloud infrastructure, it depends in part on third-party security measures to protect against unauthorized access, cyberattacks, and the mishandling of customer data.
A cybersecurity event could have significant costs, including regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, litigation indemnity obligations, remediation costs, network downtime, increases in insurance premiums, and reputational damage.
Many companies that provide cloud-based services have reported a significant increase in cyberattack activity since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.
T﻿hese risks, as well as the number and frequency of cybersecurity events globally, may also be heightened during times of geopolitical tension or instability between countries, including, for example, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, from which a number of recent cybersecurity events have been alleged to have originated.
Such information may be the target of unauthorized access or subject to security breaches as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise.
Many companies that provide these services have reported a significant increase in cyberattack activity since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Furthermore, the cybersecurity insurance we maintain may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all.
We will also be subject to federal, state, and foreign laws regarding cybersecurity and the protection of data.
Many jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving certain types of personal information.
Successful cyberattacks or data breaches at other technology companies, service providers, retailers, and other participants within our industry, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures, which could result in reduced use of our products and services.
Our industry is prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or users' data or to disrupt our and our counterparts’ within the industry respective ability to provide service.
Any failure by those institutions and participants in our industry to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of data or user data, including personal information, content, or payment information from users, or information from marketers, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, which could indirectly harm our business and reputation and diminish our competitive position within the market generally.
Such breaches and attacks on our counterparts within the industry and within our market may cause, among other things, interruptions to the provision of service, degradation of the user experience, the loss of user confidence and trust in our products, or result in financial harm to us.
If we are not able to provide successful updates, enhancements and features to our technology to, among other things, keep up with emerging cyber threats and customer needs, our business could be adversely affected.
In particular, cyber threats are becoming increasingly sophisticated and responsive to the new security measures designed to thwart them.
If we fail to identify and respond to new and increasingly complex methods of attack and update our products to detect or prevent such threats, our business and reputation will suffer.
Our efforts to protect our company data or the information we receive, and to disable undesirable activities on our platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance, including defects or vulnerabilities in our vendors' information technology systems or offerings; government surveillance; breaches of physical security of our facilities or technical infrastructure; or other threats that evolve.
The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation.
It could cause delays or disruptions in services provided by key suppliers and vendors, increase the vulnerability of us and our partners and service providers to security breaches, denial of service attacks or other hacking or phishing attacks, or cause other unpredictable effects.
Natural catastrophic events and man-made problems such as power disruptions, global pandemics, computer viruses, data security breaches, war, and terrorism may disrupt our business.
Although we maintain incident management and disaster response plans, in the event of a major disruption caused by a natural disaster or man-made problem, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our development activities, lengthy interruptions in service, security breaches and incidents and loss of critical data.
Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our platform to the satisfaction of our users may materially harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers.﻿
Further, if a catastrophic event occurs in a region from which we derive a significant portion of our revenue, customers in such region may delay or forego purchases of our products, which may materially and adversely impact our results of operations for a particular period.
In addition, as computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent, we will face increased risk from such activities.
