In the United States, California has adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), which became effective January 1, 2020 and which provides a private right of action for data breaches and requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices and allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties.
Compliance with the GDPR, the CCPA, the CPRA and other current and future applicable international and U.S. privacy, cybersecurity and related laws can be costly and time-consuming.
As noted above, the Company is subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Cybersecurity
Any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to the Company’s customers, employees and vendors, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks on its information systems or otherwise, could damage its reputation, result in litigation or other legal actions against it, cause it to incur substantial additional costs, and materially adversely affect its business and results of operations.
Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated.
Cyber threats and cyber-attackers can be sponsored by countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of hackers with a wide range of motives and expertise.
Some of the Company’s systems have experienced security breaches in the past, and there can be no assurance that similar breaches will not recur in the future.
Employee error or malfeasance, faulty password management, social engineering or other irregularities may also result in a defeat of the Company or its third-party service providers’ security measures and a breach of its or their information systems.
Moreover, a security compromise could require the Company to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the issue and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures it employs to guard personal and confidential information against cyber-attacks and other attempts to access or otherwise compromise such information and could result in a disruption of its operations.
To the extent that any cyber-attack or incursion in the Company or one of its third-party service provider’s information systems results in the loss, damage, misappropriation or other compromise of information, the Company may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others.
The Company’s technology infrastructure is also vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, and not all of the Company’s systems and data are fully redundant.
