The continuation of these work-from-home measures also introduces additional operational risk, including increased cybersecurity risk from phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity attacks, all of which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss and could seriously disrupt our operations and the operations of any impacted customers.
Our business and reputation may be materially impacted by information system failures, cyber-attacks, or network disruptions.
Cyber-attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors.
These security measures may not be sufficient and may be vulnerable to hacking, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management, or other irregularities.
Any failure, interruption, or breach in our cybersecurity could result in reputational harm, disruption of our customer relationships, or our inability to originate, process and service our finance receivable products, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Further, any of these cybersecurity and operational risks could expose us to lawsuits by customers for identity theft or other damages resulting from data breach involving PII or misuse of their PII and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
In addition, regulators may impose penalties and/or require remedial action if they identify weaknesses in our security systems, and we may be required to incur significant costs to increase our cybersecurity to address any vulnerabilities that may be discovered or to remediate the harm caused by any security breaches.
The information systems of these third parties may be vulnerable to security breaches and, despite our best efforts, we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate security controls in place to protect the information we share with them.
Additionally, events such as natural disasters, pandemic disease, cyber security breaches and other types of catastrophes, and prolonged economic downturns, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Negative public opinion may relate to any aspect of or risk associated with our business, including but not limited to, our lending practices, cybersecurity breaches, failures to safeguard personal information, discriminating or harassing behavior of employees, compensation practices, sales practices, environmental, social, and governance practices and disclosures, or failure or perceived failure to comply with laws or regulations.
For example, we are subject to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the New York Cybersecurity Regulation, which govern the use of PII by financial institutions and require certain safeguards for protecting PII.
These third parties are also sources of risk associated with operational errors, system interruptions or breaches and unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
