Failure in our information technology and storage systems or our security measures, including without limitation, data breaches, or inadequacy of our business continuity and disaster recovery plans and procedures, could significantly disrupt the operation of our business.
IT systems and data are vulnerable to risks and damages from a variety of sources, including catastrophe or natural disaster, telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts, breaches of security, cyber-attacks, loss of power or other natural or man-made events.
Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, some of our and our vendors’ servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems.
Specifically, data security breaches, whether inadvertent or intentional, by employees or others, may expose proprietary information, trade secrets, personal information, clinical trial data or other sensitive data to unauthorized persons, impact the integrity, availability or confidentiality of our IT systems or data (including, but not limited to, data loss), or disrupt or interrupt our IT systems or operations.
Malicious attacks by third parties are of ever-increasing sophistication and can be made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage) and expertise, including organized criminal groups, “hacktivists”, nation states and others.
Accordingly, data security breaches experienced by us, our collaborators or contractors could lead to significant fines, required corrective action, loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personally identifiable information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, collaborators, clinical trial patients, and others.
If we are unable to prevent data security breaches or privacy violations, respond appropriately or implement satisfactory remedial measures, our operations could be disrupted, and we may suffer civil liability to our customers or individuals, loss of reputation, financial loss and other regulatory penalties because of lost or misappropriated information, including sensitive patient data.
In addition, these breaches and other inappropriate access events can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying and responding to them may lead to increased harm of the type described above.
Moreover, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property.
Despite precautionary measures to prevent anticipated and unanticipated problems, including data breaches, there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information technology systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems (or that of our third-party providers).
