Although we have adopted a number of measures to enhance our cybersecurity protection at Actua and each of our businesses, there can be no assurance that our or our business' information will not be subject to cyberattacks, computer break-ins, theft and other improper activity that could jeopardize the security of information handled by our businesses’ products and services or cause interruptions in the operations of our businesses.
In addition, third parties that use or have access to our businesses’ sensitive business information could experience security breaches that could adversely impact our reputation and customer relationships.
Cyberattacks and other malicious Internet-based activity continue to increase generally, and cloud-based platform providers have been targeted; therefore, we devote significant resources and incur significant costs to protect against security threats.
Nevertheless, our security measures or those of third parties that use or have access to our businesses’ sensitive business information may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers’ data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our IT systems.
Malicious third parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers access to our services.
In addition, third parties that use or have access to our businesses’ sensitive business information could experience security breaches that could adversely impact our reputation and customer relationships and could, in certain circumstances, expose us to liability and penalties for violations of privacy laws and regulations.
Interruption of our businesses’ operations, infrastructures or systems upon which they rely, including interruptions related to cyberattacks, could prevent them from delivering their products and services to their customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Because our businesses are primarily conducted over the Internet, they depend on their abilities to protect computer equipment and the information stored in computer equipment, offices and hosting facilities against damage from earthquake, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, cyberattacks, terrorism unauthorized intrusion, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other events.
There can be no assurance that our businesses’ disaster preparedness or cybersecurity measures will prevent significant interruption of their operations.
Service to our businesses’ customers could be interrupted in the event of a natural disaster, by a hosting provider decision to close a facility or terminate operations, by cyberattacks, by terriorism or by other unanticipated problems.
Our businesses may become liable for damages to their customers for breaches of warranties and lose customers if they have errors, defects or disruptions in their service or if they provide poor service, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business.
FolioDynamix faces operational risk related to improper or unauthorized execution and processing of transactions, deficiencies in its operating systems, business disruptions and inadequacies or breaches in its internal control processes; these operational errors could be magnified by market volatility.
FolioDynamix’s investment advisory services involve fiduciary obligations that require it to act in the best interests of its clients, and it may be sued and face liabilities for actual or claimed breaches of its fiduciary duties.
As a result, it may be included as a defendant in lawsuits against financial advisors and third-party investment money managers that involve claims of
breaches of the duties of such persons, and may face liabilities for the improper actions and/or omissions of such advisors and third-party investment money managers.
