Cyber-attacks or other failures in telecommunications or IT systems could result in information theft, data corruption and significant disruption of our business operations.
As dependence on digital technologies has increased, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, have increased in frequency and sophistication.
These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and the physical security of our employees and assets.
We have experienced, and expect to continue to confront, attempts from hackers and other third parties to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems and networks.
Although prior cyber-attacks have not had a material adverse impact on our operations or financial performance, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or successfully mitigating their effect.
Any cyber-attack could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations.
Cyber-attacks or security breaches also could result in litigation or regulatory action, as well as significant additional expense to implement further data protection measures.
In addition to the risks presented to our systems and networks, cyber-attacks affecting oil and natural gas distribution systems maintained by third parties, or the networks and infrastructure on which they rely, could delay or prevent delivery of our production to markets.
A cyber-attack of this nature would be outside our control, but could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We undertake ongoing improvements to our systems, connected devices and information-sharing products in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards; however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and can be difficult to detect, anticipating, identifying or preventing these intrusions or mitigating them if and when they occur is challenging and makes us more vulnerable to cyber-attacks than other companies not similarly situated.
