We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches.
As a result of our services being internet-based and the fact that we process, store, and transmit data, including personal information, for our customers, failure to prevent or mitigate data loss or other security breaches, including breaches of our suppliers’ technology and systems, could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of such information, adversely affect our operating results, result in litigation or potential liability for us, and otherwise harm our business.
Although we have implemented systems and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party supplier, such measures cannot provide absolute security.
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our network or information systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations arising from cyber-attacks could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data (including subscriber and corporate information), or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business.
Our network and information systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions.
These systems may experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of data.
Any successful attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including subscribers and corporate information) or intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems (or those of third parties we use), could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation.
We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems.
To date hackers have not had a material impact on our
service or systems, although a risk remains that hackers may be successful in the future.
Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems.
