In addition, our service could be subject to employee fraud or other internal security breaches, and we may be required to reimburse CPGs and retailers for any funds stolen or revenues lost as a result of such breaches.
For example, the CCPA requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, and allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information with third parties and provides a private right of action and statutory damages for data breaches.
The CCPA also provides for civil
penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase the risk of data breach litigation, all of which may increase our compliance costs and potential liability.
The CCPA requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, and allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information with third parties and provides a private right of action and statutory damages for data breaches.
While we and our third-party service providers have implemented security measures designed to protect against security breaches, like all businesses that use computer systems and the Internet, our security measures, as well as those of companies we may acquire and our third-party service providers and partners, could fail or may be insufficient, resulting in the unauthorized disclosure, modification, misuse, unavailability, destruction, or loss of our or our customers’ data or other sensitive information.
Cyberattacks, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware attacks, business email compromises, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (including phishing) and other malicious internet-based activity are prevalent in our industry and our customers and partners’ industries and continue to increase.
In addition, we may experience attacks, unavailable systems, unauthorized access or disclosure due to employee or other theft or misuse, denial-of-service attacks, sophisticated attacks by nation-state and nation-state supported actors, and advanced persistent
threat intrusions.
Despite our efforts to ensure the security, privacy, integrity, confidentiality, availability, and authenticity information technology networks and systems, Processing and information, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive and remedial measures against all data security and privacy threats.
We cannot guarantee that the recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms and other security measures that we have integrated into our systems, networks and physical facilities, which are designed to protect against, detect and minimize security breaches, will be adequate to prevent or detect service interruption, system failure data loss or theft, or other material adverse consequences.
The risk of unauthorized circumvention of our security measures or those of our third-party providers, clients and partners has been heightened by advances in computer and software capabilities and the increasing sophistication of hackers who employ complex techniques, including without limitation, the theft or misuse of personal and financial information, counterfeiting, “phishing” or social engineering incidents, ransomware, extortion, publicly announcing security breaches, account takeover attacks, denial or degradation of service attacks, malware, fraudulent payment and identity theft.
The techniques used to sabotage, disrupt or to obtain unauthorized access to our applications, systems, networks, or physical facilities in which data is stored or through which data is transmitted change frequently, and we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or stop security breaches while they are occurring.
The recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms and other security measures that we have integrated into our applications, systems, networks and physical facilities, which are designed to protect against, detect and minimize security breaches, may not be adequate to prevent or detect service interruption, system failure or data loss.
We have and may in the future become the target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our or our customers or partners’ data or to disrupt our operations or ability to provide our services.
We have contractual and legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches.
Most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities, and others of security breaches involving certain types of data.
Litigation resulting from security breaches may adversely affect our business.
If we fail to detect or remediate a security breach in a timely manner, or a breach otherwise affects a large amount of data of one or more customers or partners, or if we suffer a cyberattack that impacts our ability to operate our applications, systems, or networks, we may suffer material damage to our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Further, we may not have adequate insurance coverage for security incidents or breaches, including fines, judgments, settlements, penalties, costs, attorney fees and other impacts that arise out of incidents or breaches.
We allow our clients to utilize application programming interfaces ("APIs"), with our platform, which could result in outages or security breaches and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The increased use of APIs increases security and operational risks to our systems, including the risk for intrusion attacks, data theft, or denial of service attacks.
Our failure to prevent outages or security breaches resulting from API use could result in government enforcement actions against us, claims for damages by consumers and other affected individuals, costs associated with investigation and remediation damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
