• We rely on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively.
We discovered on August 5, 2020 that, without our knowledge or authorization, in mid-July 2020 a hacker published on the Internet the source code for the earliest version (1.0) of our battery management firmware (the individual also published source code belonging to 40 other companies).
Since then, we have installed tools and tighter procedures to protect us again
potential similar hacker penetrations.
There is no evidence that the hacker obtained access to other source code of Legacy Romeo, which was stored on different servers with stronger security protections, and we have released a new version of the battery management firmware.
We rely on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents or security breaches, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively.
Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns.
Cybersecurity incidents also could include phishing attempts or e-mail fraud to cause unauthorized payments or information to be transmitted to an unintended recipient, or to permit unauthorized access to systems.
While we employ a number of protective measures, including firewalls, network infrastructure vulnerability scanning, anti-virus and endpoint detection and response technologies, these measures may fail to prevent or detect attacks on our systems and operations.
A material cybersecurity incident or security breach could cause interruptions in our operations and could result in a material disruption of our business operations, damage to our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.
The costs to us to eliminate or mitigate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant and, if our efforts to address these problems are not successful, such problems could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions.
Any claim that our products or systems are subject to a cybersecurity risk, whether valid or not, could damage our reputation and adversely impact our revenues and results of operations.
Breaches of our or any of our third-party suppliers’ security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers or suppliers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, could expose us or our customers or suppliers to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business.
