•Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our products or business operations, result in damages or loss of confidence in our products, or the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations.
In addition to the risks specifically described above, the impact of COVID-19 is likely to implicate and exacerbate other risks disclosed in this Item 1, including our program launches, demand or market acceptance for our products, disruptions in our supply or delivery chain, shifting customer preferences, our employees and cyber-security threats.
Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our products or business operations, result in damages or loss of confidence in our products, or the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations.
We have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to cyber-attacks.
Although we seek to deploy comprehensive security measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats, there has been an increased level of activity, and an associated level of sophistication, in cyber-attacks against large multinational companies.
The ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any companies we acquire.
There is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data.
Our security measures may be breached due to human error or malfeasance, system malfunctions or attacks from uncoordinated individuals or sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers.
Disruptions and attacks on our IT systems or the systems of third parties storing our data could result in the misappropriation, loss or corruption of our critical data and confidential or proprietary information, personal information of our employees, and the leakage of our or our customers’ confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, production downtimes and both internal and external supply shortages, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, diversion of the attention of management away from the operation of our business and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations.
There is a risk that security measures implemented at our own and at third party locations may not be sufficient and that our IT systems, data centers and cloud services are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyberattacks or failures in third party-provided services.
Cyberattacks have become increasingly frequent, sophisticated and globally widespread and could target software embedded in our products.
Cyberattacks on our products within the car can lead to malfunction or complete damage of the products, which could result into loss of control of the car and its safety features and could cause injuries and significant damage to our reputation and affect our relationships with our customers.
In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against or repair damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future.
Any future significant cybersecurity compromise or breach of our products, our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or Company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
