The Derivative Complaint also contends that certain defendants aided and abetted those alleged breaches.
Cybersecurity risks could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which may harm our ability to operate effectively and may cause our business and reputation to suffer.
Cybersecurity refers to the combination of technologies, processes and procedures established to protect information technology systems and data from unauthorized access, attack, or damage.
Cyber-attacks are increasingly more common, including in the health care industry.
We have not experienced any known attacks on our information technology systems that compromised any confidential information.
However, these safeguards do not ensure that a significant cyber-attack could not occur.
Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not prevent the systems’ improper functioning or damage or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks.
Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches can create system disruptions or shutdowns or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect information against security breaches, failure to protect our confidential information or mitigate harm caused by such breaches may adversely affect our operating results.
Malfunctions in our business processes, breaches of our information systems or the failure to maintain effective and up-to-date information systems could disrupt our business operations, result in customer and member disputes, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation, result in regulatory violations and related costs and penalties, increase administrative expenses or lead to other adverse consequences.
