As their technologies grow more complex, we expect these customers to face new and increasingly sophisticated methods of cyber-attack.
In addition, some of our competitors have made acquisitions or entered into partnerships or other strategic relationships with one another to offer more comprehensive cybersecurity solutions than each could offer individually.
As a result of such defects, our customers may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks, and hackers or other threat actors may misappropriate our customers’ data or other assets or otherwise compromise their IT systems.
In addition, because the techniques used to access or sabotage IT systems and networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, an advanced attack could emerge that our solutions are unable to detect or prevent.
In addition, if any enterprise or government entity publicly known to use our solutions is the subject of a publicized cyber-attack, some of our other current customers could seek to replace our solutions with those provided by our competitors.
Further, our reputation could be damaged if a cyber-attack were to occur through a customer's security or network devices, applications or endpoints that we are not contractually obligated to monitor, if there is a perception that Secureworks monitors all the affected customer's devices, applications and endpoints.
Cyber-attacks or other data security incidents that disrupt our operations or result in the breach or other compromise of proprietary or confidential information about us or our workforce, customers or other third parties could harm our business and expose us to costly regulatory enforcement and other liability.
As a well-known information security solutions provider, we are a high-profile target and our websites, networks, information systems, solutions and technologies may be selected for sabotage, disruption or misappropriation by cyber-attacks specifically designed to interrupt our business and harm our reputation.
We may experience breaches or other compromises of our information technology systems.
Further, hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture that could unexpectedly provide access to a threat actor to our systems and data.
Cyber-attacks could compromise our internal systems and products and the systems of our customers or third-party service providers, resulting in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service that could disrupt business operations for us and our customers and that could impede our sales.
Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers or other third parties could expose us, our customers or other affected third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in regulatory enforcement, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business.
Ineffective interoperation could increase the risk of a successful cyber-attack and violations of our service level agreements, which would require us to provide service credits that would reduce our revenue.
The regulatory framework for data privacy and cybersecurity issues worldwide can vary substantially from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future.
There also have been a number of recent legislative proposals in the United States, at both the federal and state level, that would impose new obligations in the areas of privacy, information security and cybersecurity.
Such restrictions or closures could affect our ability to sell our solutions, develop and maintain customer relationships or render services, such as our consulting services, could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or could lead to inadvertent breaches of contract by us or by our customers, vendors or suppliers.
