We, and those third-party businesses that support us, are also subject to risks related to computer viruses, telecommunications failures, and similar disruptions.
LEGAL, TECHNOLOGY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISKS
We are subject to a number of risks related to disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure.
There is a risk that we could experience a business interruption, theft of information, or reputational damage as a result of a cyber-attack, such as an infiltration of a data center, or data leakage of confidential information either internally or at our third-party providers.
We may experience operational problems with our information systems as a result of system failures, system implementation issues, viruses, malicious hackers, sabotage, code anomalies, “Acts of God,” human error or other causes.
We invest in industry-standard security technology to protect our data and business processes against the risk of data security breaches and cyber-attacks.
While we believe that our security technology and processes are adequate in preventing security breaches and in reducing cyber security risks, given the ever-increasing abilities of those intent on breaching cyber security measures and given our reliance on the security and other efforts of third-party vendors, the total security effort at any point in time may not be completely effective, and any such security breaches and cyber incidents could adversely affect our business.
Failure of our systems, including failures due to cyber-attacks that would prevent the ability of systems to function as intended, could cause transaction errors, loss of customers and sales, and could have negative consequences to us, our employees, and those with whom we do business.
In addition, due to COVID, our workforce is in a state of transition to a combination of remote work and flexible work schedules opening us up for cyber-security threats and potential breaches as a result of increased employee usage of networks other than company-managed.
For example, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which became effective in May 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which became effective in January 2020, greatly increase the jurisdictional reach of EU and California law, respectively, and adds a broad array of requirements related to personal data, including individual notice and opt-out preferences and the public disclosure of significant data breaches.
Additionally, violations of GDPR can result in fines calculated as a percentage of a company’s annual revenue and CCPA provides civil penalty violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches.
